Adding issue id's in text, small clean up (#16)
ietf-wg-dance/draft-dance-architecture: draft-ietf-dance-architecture.md

Within many existing store-and-forward protocols, certificates may be transmitted within the signed message itself. An example of this is S/MIME. Within IoT applications, we find that networks may be more constrained. Including certificates in message payloads can present an unnecessary overhead on constrained network links. Decoupled applications benefit from an out-of-band public key discovery mechanism, which may enable the retrieval of certificates only when needed, and sometimes using a less expensive network connection.

# Client authentication

## Overview

> The client sets up a TLS connection to a server, attaches a client certificate with a subject alt name DNSname indicating the name of the client. In the TLS connection a DANCE flag is used telling the server to use the certificate DNS name to find a DANE record including the public key of the certificate to be able to validate. If the server trusts DNSsec, the server can validate the certificate and complete the TLS connection setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The client sets up a TLS connection to a server, attaches a client certificate with a subjectAltName dNSName indicating the name of the client. 
In the TLS connection the DANE-client-id extension is used to tell the server to use the certificate dNSName to find a DANE record including the public key of the certificate to be able to validate. 
If the server can validate the DNSSEC response, the server validates the certificate and completes the TLS connection setup.
```

By using DNS as a shared root of trust SIP and WebRTC end points can anchor the keys used for DTLS/SRTP media channel setup. In addition, SIP devices can establish security in the SIP messaging by using DNS to find the callee’s and the callers digital identity.

> {{I-D.johansson-sipcore-dane-sip}}(SIPDANE)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{?I-D.johansson-sipcore-dane-sip}}(SIPDANE)
```
